Over the past few years, researchers have taken an interest in incorporating knowledge graphs (KG) into RS [20]. A KG is a graph with nodes representing entities and edges denoting relationships between them. By mapping items and their attributes into the KG, the mutual relations between items can be better understood. Additionally, incorporating user information into the KG results in creating more accurate relations between users and items, as well as user preferences [48]. KG-based RS are being widely used in various domains such as tourism, health, entertainment, and business. However, they are still not well-researched in the educational domain. Few studies proposed KG-based ERSs to recommend learning paths [49] or labs [16]. Only the work in [33] proposed the use of a KG for explainable recommendation of learning resources (Wikipedia articles) based on learners’ needs. To compute the similarity between the content of the current learning resource and the Wikipedia article for recommendation, a full-text search on the textual representation of the articles using each concept as a query was performed, using the Neo4J internal full-text search algorithm (Lucene). Although efficient and suitable for real-time applications, full-text search-based algorithms struggle to capture the semantic similarity between texts with differing vocabularies. On the other hand, embedding-based retrieval methods, while potentially slower, can achieve better results by capturing semantic similarities between texts that may not share the same vocabulary. Depending on how the KG information is being utilized to generate recommendations, KG-based recommendation methods are divided into three categories as: embedding-based methods, connection-based methods, and propagation-based methods [20]. To fully exploit the information in the KG, propagation-based methods have been proposed to integrate both the representation of entities and relations, and the high-order connection patterns for a more personalized recommendation. The propagation-based method is based on the idea of embedding propagation, where the common implementation is based on Graph Neural Networks (GNN) techniques. These methods refine the entity representation by aggregating embeddings of  multihop neighbors in the KG [20]. Popular examples of KG-based RS based on GNN include Knowledge Graph Convolutional Networks (KGCN) which explore users’ preferences and personalized interests on the KG by extending the receptive field of each entity in the KG [46], Knowledge Graph Attention Networks (KGAT) which model higher-order relations in user-item KG [47], and RippleNet which propagates users’ preferences on the KG [45]. However, these methods are meant to improve collaborative filtering-based recommendations, and are not directly applicable in content-based RS. In this paper, we build a KG-based learner model for each student based on the concepts that they did not understand and leverage sentence embedding techniques to represent and compute semantic similarities between learner models and the content of learning resources.