Over the past few years, researchers have taken an interest in incorporating knowledge graphs (KG) into RS [20]. A KG is a graph with nodes representing entities and edges denoting relationships between them. By mapping items and their attributes into the KG, the mutual relations between items can be better understood. Additionally, incorporating user information into the KG results in creating more accurate relations between users and items, as well as user preferences [48]. KG-based RS are being widely used in various domains such as tourism, health, entertainment, and business. However, they are still not well-researched in the educational domain. Few studies proposed KG-based ERSs to recommend learning paths [49] or labs [16]. Only the work in [33] proposed the use of a KG for explainable recommendation of learning resources (Wikipedia articles) based on learners’ needs. To compute the similarity between the content of the current learning resource and the Wikipedia article for recommendation, a full-text search on the textual representation of the articles using each concept as a query was performed, using the Neo4J internal full-text search algorithm (Lucene). 
Although efficient and suitable for real-time applications, full-text search-based algorithms struggle to capture the semantic similarity between texts with differing vocabularies. On the other hand, embedding-based retrieval methods, while potentially slower, can achieve better results by capturing semantic similarities between texts that may not share the same vocabulary. Depending on how the KG information is being utilized to generate recommendations, KG-based recommendation methods are divided into three categories as: embedding-based methods, connection-based methods, and propagation-based methods [20]. To fully exploit the information in the KG, propagation-based methods have been proposed to integrate both the representation of entities and relations, and the high-order connection patterns for a more personalized recommendation. The propagation-based method is based on the idea of embedding propagation, where the common implementation is based on Graph Neural Networks (GNN) techniques. These methods refine the entity representation by aggregating embeddings of  multihop neighbors in the KG [20]. Popular examples of KG-based RS based on GNN include Knowledge Graph Convolutional Networks (KGCN) which explore users’ preferences and personalized interests on the KG by extending the receptive field of each entity in the KG [46], Knowledge Graph Attention Networks (KGAT) which model higher-order relations in user-item KG [47], and RippleNet which propagates users’ preferences on the KG [45]. 
However, these methods are meant to improve collaborative filtering-based recommendations, and are not directly applicable in content-based RS. In this paper, we build a KG-based learner model for each student based on the concepts that they did not understand and leverage sentence embedding techniques to represent and compute semantic similarities between learner models and the content of learning resources.
Human affective behavior analysis focuses on analyzing human expressions or other behaviors to enhance the understanding of human psychology. The CVPR 2023 Competition on Affective Behavior Analysis in-the-wild (ABAW) is dedicated to providing high-quality and large-scale Affwild2 for the recognition of commonly used emotion representations, such as Action Units (AU), basic expression categories (EXPR), and Valence-Arousal (VA). The competition is committed to making significant strides in improving the accuracy and practicality of affective analysis research in real-world scenarios. In this paper, we introduce our submission to the CVPR 2023: ABAW5. Our approach involves several key components. First, we utilize the visual information from a Masked Autoencoder (MAE) model that has been pre-trained on a large-scale face image dataset in a self-supervised manner. Next, we finetune the MAE encoder on the image frames from the Aff-wild2 for AU, EXPR and VA tasks, which can be regarded as a static and uni-modal training. Additionally, we leverage the multi-modal and temporal information from the videos and implement a transformer-based framework to fuse the multimodal features. Our approach achieves impressive results in the ABAW5 competition, with an average F1 score of 55.49% and 41.21% in the AU and EXPR tracks, respectively, and an average CCC of 0.6372 in the VA track. Our approach ranks first in the EXPR and AU tracks, and second in the VA track. Extensive quantitative experiments and ablation studies demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method.  1. Introduction  In recent years, there has been a growing interest in the research of human affective behavior analysis due to its potential to provide a more accurate understanding of human emotions, which can be applied to design more friendly human-computer interaction. The commonly used human  *Corresponding Author.  expression representations include Action Unit (AU), basic expression categories (EXPR), and Valence-Arousal (VA). Specifically, AU is first proposed by Paul Ekman and Wallace Friesen in the 1970s [12]. It depicts the local regional movement of faces which can be used as the smallest unit to describe the expression. Basic expression categories divide expressions into a limited number of groups according to the emotion categories, e.g., happiness, sadness, etc. VA contains two continuous values Valence (V) and Arousal (A), which are ranged between -1 and 1. They can be used to describe the human emotional state. V represents the degree of positivity or negativity of emotion; A describes the level of intensity or activation of emotion.  The fifth Competition on Affective Behavior Analysis in-the-wild (ABAW5) [26] is organized to focus on handling the obstacles in the process of human affective behavior analysis. It makes great efforts to construct large-scale multi-modal video datasets Aff-wild [24, 27, 65] and Affwild2 [22, 23, 25, 28–30]. The proposal of these datasets has greatly promoted the development of facial expression analysis in the wild and accelerated the practical implementation of related industries. Aff-wild2 contains 598 videos and most of them have the three kinds of frame-wise annotated labels: AU, basic expression categories and VA. ABAW5 proposes three challenges of detecting these three kinds of expression representations.  In this paper, we introduce our submission to the ABAW5. First of all, we pre-train a Masked Autoencoder (MAE) [13, 36] on a large-scale facial dataset in a selfsupervised manner. Then, we choose the MAE encoder as our visual feature extractor to capture the visual features of the faces. Due to the extensive quantity of faces included in the dataset, the features extracted with the MAE encoder have strong generalization capabilities. We also finetune the MAE encoder for the specific tasks of AU detection, EXPR classification, and VA estimation. This training process only use the static and vision modal data. To further exploit temporal and multi-modal information, we design a Temporal and Multi-modal Fusion (TMF) that divides the videos into several short clips and performed clip-wise training on the downstream tasks mentioned above. DurThis CVPR workshop paper is the Open Access version, provided by the Computer Vision Foundation. Except for this watermark, it is identical to the accepted version; the final published version of the proceedings is available on IEEE Xplore. ing this process, we utilized the finetuned MAE encoder to extract visual features from each frame, while also incorporating pre-trained audio models such as Hubert [53], Wav2vec2 [3], and Vggish [14] to capture acoustic features. The visual and acoustic features are concatenated and fed into a Transformer structure to capture temporal information for the downstream tasks. Additionally, we proposed several effective post-processing policies aimed at smoothing predictions and further enhancing model performance. In sum, the contributions of this work are two-fold:  • Our approach employs a highly effective MAE feature extractor to capture visual features. The MAE model is pre-trained on a large-scale facial image dataset and exhibits remarkable generalization ability for diverse downstream face-related tasks.  • Our approach employs a Temporal and Multi-modal Fusion (TMF) to leverage the benefits of temporal and multi-modal information. With a strategic selection of optimal vision and audio features, our approach further improves the performance of the model.  • In the ABAW5 competition, our approach ranks first in both AU and EXPR tracks and ranks second in VA track. The final test set score and quantitative experiments can prove the superiority of our method.  2. Related Works  In this section, we introduce some recent works on the relevant tasks in the CVPR2023: ABAW5 competition, including AU detection, expression recognition and VA estimation in the wild. We also briefly introduce the selfsupervised learning method in facial affective analysis.  2.1. AU Detection  For AU detection in the wild, there exist some challenges regarding the limited identity information and interference of diversity poses, illumination or occlusions. These disturbances restrain the model generation and cause the overfitting to the noise information. Several studies propose the use of a multi-task framework to incorporate additional auxiliary information as regularization, which introduces extra label constraints. Specifically, Zhang et al. [68] proposed a streaming model that simultaneously performs AU detection, expression recognition, and VA regression. Similarly, Jin et al. [18] and Thinh et al. [52] combine the tasks of AU detection with expression recognition. JAA-Net [49] performs landmarks detection and AU detection at the same time. Another effective approach to enhance the model generalization is to utilize the related tasks’ pre-trained backbones. Jiang et al. [17] use IResnet100 [11] that pre-trains on Glint360K [1] and some private commercial datasets  before conducting the AU detection task in the ABAW3. Savchenko et al. [45] utilize the EfficientNet [51] that pretrained on the face recognition task as the backbone. Zhang et al. [68, 71] introduce the pre-trained expression embedding model as the backbone and win the first prizes in ABAW2 and ABAW3. Multi-modal information is also involved in ABAW competitions. Zhang et al. [71] capture three modalities of information - vision, acoustic, and text - and fused them using a transformer decoder structure. Jin et al. [19] extract the vision features from IResNet100 and the audio features from Mel Spectrogram. They also use the transformer structure for the fusion of multi-modal features.  2.2. Expression Recognition  The goal of expression recognition is to classify an input image into one of the basic emotion classes, such as happiness or sadness. Similar approaches to exploit the extra information regularization are mentioned in Sec. 2.1. Zhang et al. [68] utilize the prior expression embedding model and propose a multi-task framework. Phan et al. [42] employ the pre-trained model RegNet [43] as the backbone and add the Transformer [54] structure to extract the temporal information. Kim et al. [21] use Swin transformer [33] as the backbone and exploit the extra auxiliary from the audio modal. Wang et al. [57] propose a semi-supervised framework to predict pseudo-labels for unlabeled data, which helps improve the model’s generalization to some extent. Xue et al. [62] develop a CFC network that uses different branches to train the easy-distinguished and hard-distinguished emotion categories.  2.3. VA Estimation  For VA estimation, several studies [7, 55, 58, 68] leverage the correlation between VA and AU or VA and EXP, proposing multi-task frameworks. This enables these methods to extract supplementary information from other tasks, particularly for data without VA labels but possessing AU or EXPR labels. Moreover, many works [20, 39, 48, 64, 66, 70] propose multi-modal frameworks, which leverage hidden features from vision, audio, or text. The Transformer structure is also commonly used in VA tasks for feature fusion. Several works [32, 39, 70, 74] utilize it for this purpose.  2.4. Self-supervised Learning in Affective Analysis  It has been pointed out [65] that annotating the corresponding emotion/AU/VA labels from real-world facial images costs a large amount of time/labor, which limits the development of the affective analysis. It is a potential solution to make use of the self-supervised learning (SSL) method to exploit more knowledge from the existing largescale unlabelled data. There have been several works to develop SSL methods to enhance the accuracy in the area